MegaMan Zero (SvC/CvS)
----------------------

Frequently Asked Questions
==========================
Please read over this faq carefully, as I took a
lot of time to write all this stuff. It might even
answer some of your questions about my work. 

* General FAQ *
---------------
Q. - What is the difference between
     SvC and CvS version of Zero?
A. - The SvC version of Zero plays like he does
     in SvC Chaos. Whereas, the CvS version of
     Zero has extra moves, super moves, etc.
     Please read the readme for full details
     on the different modes/grooves for Zero.

Q. - What's with the extra bonus modes for Zero?
A. - It is just something extra I wanted to add
     into Zero. These grooves do not effect much of
     Zero's original gameplay, except to add a few
     more win poses, finishing moves, and special
     effects to put more fun into this character.
     Since SvC Zero only has 4 buttons, I thought
     I might spice up some things and include the
     extra bonus modes for Zero's gameplay.

Q. - Does Zero's warning system work on
     all possible bosses from any game?
A. - No. Zero's warning system only works on
     sub-boss and boss characters from SvC Chaos.

* Sprites FAQ *
---------------
Q. - Why did you recolor Zero's face?
A. - Blame SNK-Playmore for the mistake of giving
     Zero the same shades of yellow used on his hair
     and gold designs for his face. I recolored his
     face to a more human like color so he would look
     better on other palettes with a brighter color.
   - I have released a patch that uses the default
     sprite set from SvC Chaos (ripped/edited sprites
     are unchanged) if you deicde you want to use them
     instead of the new sprite set I have created. 

Q. - How did you rip Zero's sabre as a
     separate object apart from Zero?
A. - I didn't. Zero's sabre was connected to the
     sprites. I had to edit out the sabre from
     the sprites and add/draw in some parts on Zero.
     I did this to add the transparent sabre effect
     for the CvS version of Zero.

Q. - Did you edit the sprites to make
     more moves/effects into Zero?
A. - Yes. Most of the new moves in the CvS version
     of Zero are either recycled or edited. But most
     of the editing was for removing the sabre sprites
     to add the transparency effect for the CvS mode.

* Programming FAQ *
-------------------
Q. - Why does the sabre sometimes disconnect
     with Zero during an attack on hit pause?
A. - Because the sabre is a separate object binded
     with Zero, to add effects for the CvS mode.
     I currently do not know how to fix this, sorry.
     However, if you want to use the alternate sprites
     patch to fix this problem, download the patch from
     my website.

Q. - What is the opponent's animation number used
     for the collapse during Zero's head shot?
A. - It is the same collapse animation that is
     supposedly used during the cheese kill, or
     getting KO'ed during a guard state. By
     default, the collapse animation number is
     5950. This is the same animation number that
     is supposedly used by most SvC characters.
     For the entire effect, opponents also need
     the LieDown animations 5111 and/or 5112.
     These animations are commonly used for
     facing the floor LieDown animations. If
     None of these animations exist in the
     opponent, the opponent will use the common,
     or universal required sprite system.

* Shield FAQ *
--------------
Q. - How come projectiles do not always
     reflect off of Zero's shield?
A. - Because mugen creators are lazy to make their
     projectiles as a helper type. In order for the
     projectile to be reflected, objects MUST be
     created as a helper type with a projectile
     attribute. Otherwise, normal type projectiles
     can not be reflected. They can only be
     canceled/deflected.

Q. - If projectiles are reflected by Zero's shield,
     how come they are not accurate, for a truely
     reflected projectile?
A. - One reason for this is that there are characters
     with effects added to their projectiles, as well
     as some of these being multiple hit projectiles.
     It would take a lot of borrowed codes from other
     characters to get the projectiles to truely reflect.
     Another reason why the projectile reflection is
     not accurate is because of the different states
     and action numbers for the characters projectiles.
     There are no real common states for helper type
     projectiles like there are for characters.

   - On side note, the X,Y axis for the projectile
     reflected is always different. There is no real
     common axis for projectiles like there are for 
     character required sprites. The X,Y axis of the
     projectile determines how the projectile will
     turn during the reflection state.

   - However, I can tell you that true projectile
     reflection can be possible in a full game.
     Because everyones projectiles are different,
     it is much harder to work with to make true
     projectile reflection. That is why there is
     only one universal hitdef to work with all
     characters reflected projectiles.

* Requests FAQ *
----------------
Q. - Why was Zero a private release character?
   + (Assuming this was a question, or a type of
     question requesting for Zero, since he was
     originally a private release character.)
A. - He was on my website for my friends and to mugen
     creators only. It was also because I was trying
     to help SNK-P's business, like what some mugen
     forums did by having the no SvC release rule.
     One last thing why he was a private release was
     because the version was not to my liking. Zero
     was not quite complete as to what I had
     originally planned to put into him. So, I
     worked on a better version of Zero. A better
     version for the mugen community.

Q. - Can I use Zero's sprites for my own character?
A. - If you want something, please E-Mail me first
     before using anything from Zero. Then I'll give
     you permission to use whatever you need. Even
     if the sprites are ripped, I still took the time
     to edit out Zero's sabre to make the transparency
     effect for the CvS mode.

Q. - Can I use your Zero for my mugen project?
A. - You may use him for your own personal use. You
     can't use him for public mugen games without
     getting my permision first. Again, if you want
     to use something, feel free to E-Mail me.

Q. - Can I steal/leech.....
A. - Don't even go there. I will take action, and there
     will be concequences for any stolen material used
     from my creations. Since I worked really hard on
     Zero, you should give credit to me and my work.

----------------------
You need something to be answered in the FAQ,
concerning any kind of bug/issue with Zero?
Fell free to send comments and suggestions to N64Mario84
(N64Mario84@hotmail.com). Thanks.
